fix(convert): return error when conversion exceeds f64 bounds (#1108)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1107.breaking.md

> Fixes the `to_float` function to return an error instead of "infinity" when parsing a string outside
> the f64::MAX / f64::MIN bounds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes the `to_float` function to return an error instead of `f64::INFINITY` when parsing [non-normal](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/primitive.f64.html#method.is_normal) numbers.
```
